{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f133\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f134\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f136\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f137\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f138\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f139\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f140\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f141\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f153\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f154\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f156\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f157\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f158\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f159\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f160\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f161\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid9791891 Plain Text;}{
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid7822652 
header;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 
\sbasedon0 \snext17 \styrsid7822652 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \sbasedon10 \styrsid7822652 page number;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid74342\rsid209233\rsid214096\rsid486551\rsid529803
\rsid619315\rsid921733\rsid1516114\rsid1978818\rsid2033939\rsid2100561\rsid2102341\rsid2390529\rsid2893928\rsid3093201\rsid3110634\rsid3298153\rsid3539862\rsid3818509\rsid3879385\rsid4080841\rsid4087865\rsid4138635\rsid4748819\rsid5720242\rsid5727126
\rsid6053785\rsid6714833\rsid6836984\rsid7237503\rsid7279661\rsid7611336\rsid7612121\rsid7617654\rsid7822652\rsid7875800\rsid7891530\rsid8020817\rsid8212447\rsid8260731\rsid8273131\rsid8421088\rsid8790835\rsid8938577\rsid9069583\rsid9113090\rsid9271454
\rsid9666315\rsid9791891\rsid9905678\rsid9993174\rsid11079868\rsid11094846\rsid11690075\rsid11752687\rsid11825461\rsid12072171\rsid12321151\rsid12336805\rsid12585238\rsid12670998\rsid12792100\rsid13584417\rsid13721381\rsid14092089\rsid14292120
\rsid14441885\rsid14447144\rsid14514310\rsid14578049\rsid15296516\rsid15366018\rsid15613439\rsid15823342\rsid15890853\rsid16146587\rsid16262702\rsid16269937\rsid16336808\rsid16466870\rsid16596352}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info
{\operator UKDA}{\creatim\yr2008\mo6\dy5\hr12\min8}{\revtim\yr2008\mo7\dy28\hr9\min29}{\version81}{\edmins306}{\nofpages43}{\nofwords13045}{\nofchars74363}{\nofcharsws87234}{\vern24613}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.
com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1152\margr1152\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot9791891\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\ftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7822652 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7822652 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7822652 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7822652 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid9791891\sftnbj {\headerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7822652 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652\charrsid7612121 Name of project: SN }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652 5832 - }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652\charrsid3818509 Cultural Capital and Social Exclusion: a Critical Investigation, 2003-2004 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri360\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin360\lin0\itap0\pararsid7822652 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652\charrsid7612121 Depositor: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652\charrsid3818509 Bennett}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652 , T
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri360\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin360\lin0\itap0\pararsid14441885 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652\charrsid3818509 ID: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid7822652 5832fg005; Lesbians}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid14441885   \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs18\fs20\insrsid7822652\charrsid7822652  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs18\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\noproof\insrsid8938577 43}}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs18\fs20\insrsid7822652 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\langfenp1033\insrsid14441885\charrsid7822652 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16336808 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang2057\langfe2057\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 Recruitment 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par This group was recruited from my personal and work networks. Geena and Tanya are both long-standing friends of mine (alt
hough they don't know each other). Ida is part of my wider social network, but also didn't know anyone else in the group. Amy works at Goldsmiths in the department of sociology. She brought Cleo with her. Chloe is a friend, although I haven't seen her for
 about 10 years. Geena brought {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4080841 {\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} with her (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a kind of friend, but mostly a babysitter for her youngest child). 
\par 
\par As with the Black professionals group, people seemed very keen to take part, although, as Tanya said: "I'd only do this for you because you're a good}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 mate". Ida is about to do some focus groups at work and wanted to participate in this one to "put something in, and maybe get something out".
\par 
\par I wanted to get a mixed group in terms of ethnicity, class, occupation and age, and to some extent I succeeded. Tanya is Punjabi, raised in Bradford and living in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} for the last 20 years. She works for the BBC as a radio journalist. Ida is African (Nigerian) and, judging by her accent and cultural style raised in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. She works in a young women's support project in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}South London{\*\xmlclose}. Chloe is Greek Australian, and has lived in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} for over 20 years. She is a social worker. The others are white. Geena works for a Trades Union, Crystal is a development manager. G
eena and Crystal are both unambiguously middle class. For Tanya and Chloe and Ida, their class position is complicated both by their migrant roots and their access to higher education. Amy also feels she's moved from working to middle class via higher edu
c
ation. She's a doctoral student. Although there's quite a lot of references to 'people our age' on the tape - actually there's more of a range - Ida and Crystal under 30, Tanya 37, the others 40+. While these age differences didn't seem to translate into 
any particular practices, Ida and Crystal were possibly more knowledgeable about music. 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 The Venue
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9993174\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 The venue was the community room at a new build primary school in Brixton. I chose this venue because it's a very comfortable room with a kitchen that's set
 up well for group discussions and is in a well-designed and neutral building. It's also free! I provided food and drink - partly because of the timing (7-9pm) and partly to create a informal, sharing atmosphere. 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 The Meeting
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9993174\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 The meeting was on a Monday 
night, scheduled for 7 - 9. Cleo and Amy turned up first at 7 p.m. and had a beer, Cleo commenting that "I need one after the day I've had". Chloe came next and while I texted the others a rather stilted conversation went on between the 3 of them. Chloe s
a
t in the far corner of the meeting space on the same side as, but as far away as possible from Cleo and Amy - thus making the flow of conversation rather difficult. Geena and Crystal came in next - as it turned out Geena knows Cleo, they live near one ano
ther. While they were surprised to see one another, they didn't seem especially pleased. Geena sat on the same side as Cleo and Amy, but pulled the chair out so that she, like Chloe, was sitting outside of the core of the group. In contrast 
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} sat down opposite Cleo and Amy, thereby positioning herself as}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
part of a group. I think this is reflected in the quality of talk in the focus group. Geena and Chloe were both relatively silent in the group, and when they did speak were either critical or spoke about what other people (who weren't in the group) did. 

\par 
\par We started at 7.15 with only Geena, Chloe, Amy, Cleo and Crystal present - I didn't feel I could wait any longer for Tanya and Ida since they might not show at all. Ida turned up just as we s
tarted the warm up exercise. To try and establish some rapport between people who didn't know each other I got Amy to sit next to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 , so that they formed one pair, Cleo and Chloe a second, and Geena and Ida, a third. When Tanya arrived I int
roduced her to Geena and Ida (they know each other by sight) and she joined the warm up with them. Unfortunately this meant that Geena moved her chair further back, away from the table, to accommodate Tanya. Where she stayed for the rest of the evening - 
effectively positioning herself as an observer rather than a participant. The meeting ended at 9 p.m.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 Group dynamics. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9993174\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Although the talk never faltered, the group dynamics (closed, little or no risk taking, veiling of differences, critical/judgemental) co
ntrasted sharply with those of the Black professional group. Tanya, Ida, Amy and Crystal spoke quite freely I felt and were open and risk - taking. However the dynamic overall was rather critical or judgemental . Cleo's comment to 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} that she
 would expect 'people like us' (? ) not to go to musicals that were abusive or oppressive is perhaps a case in point. In contrast to the Black professionals and Black working-class groups resistance to being slotted into a cultural niche by either peer pr
e
ssure or racism, there seemed a fairly consistent attempt here to police other people's cultural tastes on the basis that people 'like us' should share, if not aesthetic, then certainly ideological principles. Amy commented the next day that she found Chl
oe's criticism of 'everything' very irritating and that it constrained her (Amys) ability to be open. Similarly Geena's silence, I felt made people feel that they were being judged or watched, rather than listened to. 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 Key Issues
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid4080841 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 1.\tab Time seemed to be the 
dominant explanation for people in accounting for why they didn't participate in cultural activities.
\par 2.\tab Knowledge also seemed to be a factor in restricting the range of cultural activities people do. Given the plethora of potential activity available you need to know something, e.g. about music, to know what's 'worth' going to. 
\par 3.\tab Intellectually people rejected a good/bad taste distinction but in practice judgements about taste permeated the conversation, especially around TV. 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid16336808 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 Appraisal
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid13584417\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 As I've noted, the talk in this g}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4080841 roup never really 'got natural'}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 . The presumed shared sexuality of the participants seemed to have little crossover to a shared cultural life. Most people, with the exception of Tanya, seemed to have very private cultural pr
actices - reading, watching TV, and chatting with friends. Tiredness, age, the stress of work, and time seemed to be the common explanation for why cultural life was more or less done in the home. Geena's comment about the group of women who went back to 
Portsmouth on a Saturday night for their monthly women's disco that "I used to have something like that" wasn't picked up by anybody else - although there was a definite ripple of 'old school lesbian then' in response. 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\ul\insrsid13584417 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 Silences
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9993174\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 When people were critic
al no one defended themselves against those criticisms. But the biggest silence, I think, was about what it means to be a lesbian, and how you're attitude to that affects your cultural practices. Amy, who as she said to me the next day, is a 'professional
 lesbian' is currently having a relationship with a transgendered man (f2m)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and getting a lot of grief from other lesbians. So although she claimed not to go out for reasons of tiredness etc. she said to me in private that she doesn't go out because lesbian
 spaces are hostile to her lover, in gay spaces he gets hit on, and neither of them feel comfortable in straight places. Another theme which didn't come up, but is very tied up with lesbian culture is that of dress/dress codes. Of course this also relates
 back to what being a lesbian is (i.e. is it a set of cultural practices, aesthetics, ideology - or is it just being a woman who has sex with other women). I'm not sure how, or if this is relevant, to the project?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\ul\insrsid5720242 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid5720242\charrsid16596352 Transcript}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\ul\insrsid8790835\charrsid16596352 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5720242\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I
\rquote ll just start off by telling you what the Focus Groups are about.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Basically the Open University has received funding from The Economic and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Social Research Council to do research on cultural preferences and the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
aim of that research project is to explore cultural participation,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5720242  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
cultural knowledge and cultural taste. What affects people\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
participation in cultural activities is it what they know about or is it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4080841  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
their social position or is it their economic resources? so they are the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
kind of issues that the research project will be focusing on though you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote 
t necessarily have to focus on that yourselves at all. So that the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
research takes account of the diversity of cultural activities and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 preferences and the possible
 relationship with different social}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 positions, the university\rquote 
s commissioned to use focus groups so that a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
focus group with people working in the professions, black working class}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
people, women professionals, managers, Indian middle class people, sales}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and 
clerical workers and lesbians, which of course is this focus group.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Do we not have class?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16146587 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No,
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well, of course you do. So any data used from the focus group will be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
anonymised and, of course, this is all confidential and the data will be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
used to design a nation-wide survey questionnaire and it may also be used}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to provide in depth material on cultural preferences and tastes. So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s basically the purpose of the focus group. Does that make sense?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Mm}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So what we are going to be talking about this evening is what kinds of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
cultural activities you are involved in and what your tastes and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
interests are and what you like and don\rquote t like and why and what you do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and don\rquote 
t do and why. I am also interested in what you think about each}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 other\rquote 
s tastes and interests. Do other people\rquote s tastes and interests}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
resonate with yours or do you just not get it? So some sort of discussion}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and debate
 is to be encouraged. So I thought we could start off with you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
telling each other, well it was going to be pairs, but there\rquote s an odd}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
number except for myself, one cultural activity you have done this month.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I thought a month was quite a good time for it. A cultural activity you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
might have been engaged in and whether you have enjoyed it or not and it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
could be anything, watching TV, listening to a radio programme, reading a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
book, doing sport, eating out, going for drinks, listening to music,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 dancing, anything
. Tell the person next to you what your name is, what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
your activity was and whether or not you enjoyed it and then swap and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
then you get to tell everyone what your partner\rquote s activity was. So that\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
basically the first thing. So maybe you three and you two. Does that make}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 sense?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I will have to look back on my diary.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid4080841\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid4080841\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
There\rquote s someone coming in. Come in Tanya}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 This is Ida , Cleo,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 , Chloe,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Crystal, Geena You\rquote ve come at a good moment, actually as we were odd}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 numbers and we had just started doing exercises. So that\rquote s quite OK.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Basically, what we were about to do is tell each other one cultural}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 activity that you have done this month and whether you have enjoyed it or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 not and it could be anything. Watching TV, listening to radio programmes,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 reading a book, dancing, making music, going for a drink, going out for}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 something to eat. Anything that you want to kind of talk about. Tell the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 person next to you what your name is and what your activity was and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 whether or not you enjoyed it and then swap and then you tell everyone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 what your partner\rquote s activity was and that\rquote s basically the warm up}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 exercise so maybe you and Karen could. Yeah. Since you two know each}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 other maybe you could split up. Maybe. While you are standing there Ally}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 would you mind moving those chairs their and stacking on top of the other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 one so that we haven\rquote t got an empty chair. Thank you. So go ahead.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12336805 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all talking together for a long time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So if we could therefore go on to each tell the group what somebody told}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 you. }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4080841\charrsid9993174 So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174  Tanya if you could what Geena told you for example.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid14441885 Geena}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14441885  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 were you last night at the library?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Karen:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
That was a night\rquote s work, wasn\rquote t it?
\par 
\par I think you\rquote ll have to say.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
We all went to Karen\rquote s birthday last night but its not typical for us to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
go out on Sunday nights, clubbing. But yeah it is a kind cultural social}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
thing and also going to the library which I think of you as saying you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
have a child that kind of motivated you in terms of going to the library.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And ironing we weren
\rquote t sure whether it was a domestic chore or whether}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it\rquote s a cultural activity.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I think it\rquote s a domestic chore as well.
\par 
\par I think it\rquote s a cultural activity ironing not everyone irons.
\par 
\par It depends how good you are at it.
\par 
\par Pay somebody else to do it.
\par 
\par How does the ironing come into it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You could be watching telly or something. I don\rquote t know what the thought}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
behind it was but ..
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its what I do on Sunday evenings}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You were doing the ironing on Sunday evening.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
OK. So Geena}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 are you going to tell us what Tanya.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Karen:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Tanya went to a Sikh temple in town, which, although it\rquote s a bit of a trek}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
is a big, lively place with a lot going on inside which gives}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 anonymity\rquote 
s, good we like anonymity sometimes, to mark New Year. It\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
much more than a religious thing. Its celebrations, drumming came into it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, I go regularly.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And it was a very cultural experience, except it should be a bit closer.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, Geographically.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
On Sunday its not just a religious thing because we do drumming, you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
feast, you meet people, its more a social cultural}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 thing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
A lot of Indian women don\rquote t go out clubbing and blah, blah, blah. So you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
go there really to reinforce language, our culture, drum, sing eat.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
OK Ida Do you want somebody to speak for you or do you just want to speak}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for yourself?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
My cultural activities this month must be going to the same parties,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
longest chore but the sauna just using the Brixton rec.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12792100  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 which and public}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 services, I enjoy using public services that are amongst ourselves and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 also}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 (inaudible \endash  but certainly not mike and mink )also came in yeah, I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 quite enjoyed it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cl
eo}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Chloe went to, was it two weeks ago?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Last Wednesday.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
She went to a poetry reading at the Royal Festival Hall and there were}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 four different poets?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid15823342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid15823342 Cleo}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid15823342\charrsid15823342 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The first part was three different poets, three women one bloke and she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really enjoyed two of the poets but one was very dull and at the interval}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
she decided she had had enough and couldn\rquote t face the second half. Even}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
though she had set off to enjoy it but it was just too much poetry and it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 was kind of a predomin
antly gay thing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid15823342 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think there was a strong lesbian presence, because the poets were}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 dykes. One was anyway.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But then again it was mainly white.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, incredibly.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I can
\rquote t remember whether you told me anything else I\rquote ve got a terrible}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 memory.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Chloe}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cleo
\rquote s cultural activity was going to see Beth Orton at the Royal Albert}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Hall. I don\rquote 
t know when it was.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Three weeks ago.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And, you}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really, really enjoyed it and you were surprised because it was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 actually better than listening to her CD\rquote s which sounds amazing and she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 had real personty and that made it even better. The only drawback was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that the audience was under 25 and pretty heterosexual, by the looks of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 things and that was an observation not a problem, but you really enjoyed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it anyway.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
OK. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 Amy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid5727126 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Was it this weekend?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid5727126 
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Last week}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par Last week. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose} went to the casino, which is \'85 \'85and now she\rquote s been to a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Casino in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. which was an interesting experience and not quite as}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 you expected but lots old ladies with notebooks doing their numbers and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 were unwilling to share their information and it was just like trying to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 get a few tips and they were like \'93do your own\'94.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Crystal:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Which got us onto the subject of gambling and gambling laws in this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
country and we talked about our common experience at Catford Dogs and we}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
had lots of fun their but the cultural experience, I use that term very}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
loosely, Ally went to the London heat of Miss Great Britain is that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
right? No good, a bit shabby and sort of fake celebs got trundled out.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
whisked off to the interior.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You had a press pass though that quite exiting.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Thanks very much. That\rquote s very interesting. The thing I want to start off}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
talking about is reading activities, which a few people mentioned. And}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there\rquote 
s two kind of main areas I want to focus on tonight. One is reading}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and the other is music. So thought we\rquote d start off with reading and maybe}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
start off with the question of newspapers. Do you read newspapers? What}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 newspapers do you read?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I kinda have stopped reading. I tend to grab them off the train, here and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
there but I prefer the radio.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So you wouldn\rquote t really buy a paper every day?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Not any more, maybe at weekend. I prefer the radio.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Can we blaspheme against the Metro now? I can\rquote t bear that paper. I want}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to put it in the shredder.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why don\rquote t you like the Metro?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because it has no news. It\rquote s representation of the war was absolutely}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
shitful, disgraceful. It\rquote s a blight on life. It\rquote s bad.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I really like the Metro.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why do you like it Tanya?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Because it
\rquote s crap. Because I glance through the papers because I work in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 news.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
To read that terrible bullshit that I can\rquote t stand. I wouldn\rquote t read it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
unless I had to. So when I get on the tube in the morning and I just get}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a little sandwich of}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 nonsense blond bomb explosion here, or land,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 court hearing over here. I just think that can go, that can. So any of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the details. It\rquote s just they\rquote re vulgar, crude, sad at letting me know what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 happened the night before.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
m sorry, you know. I just don\rquote t see it politically. I just see it as a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
rag you pick up and get on the tube It\rquote s quick read by the end of the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
tube journey you think that was the paper. That\rquote s how bad it is.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So you wouldn\rquote t read a broadsheet unless you had to unless you had to?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t really know. I just read things like New Yorker now or New}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Stateman I just can\rquote 
t bear the papers. I think they\rquote re a load of rubbish}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and it\rquote s every day as well. }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126 The same stuff every day unless }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 grabs my eye. I don\rquote t buy weekend papers any more. I\rquote m just a magazine}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 girl.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that true to other people?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I wouldn
\rquote t buy a paper every day}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 For me readi
ng the paper its it\rquote s a luxury. I just feel like. If I go on}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
a long journey. If I get the train or something I buy a newspaper and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote ll sit and I
\rquote ll read it but generally, I don\rquote t feel I have time. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
listen to the radio a lot. I listen to Radio 4. I do it all the time,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
like in the background. A lot of the time or I listen to London Live and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the local news. I get a lot things sent to me through e-mail kind of bits}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and bobs and various different political things and stuff so I pick up a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 lot of news like that.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
My flat mate gets the paper, so I\rquote ll kind of have a little flip through,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 like yesterday
\rquote s paper quite often}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 but I don\rquote t really have time to read}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a whole paper and I hate buying it and then I don\rquote t open it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t tend to read as much now because of 24 hour continuous news.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
People obviously culture of how you get information has completely}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
changed. I find that at work all the time lots of people have ditched the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 papers and think, \'93
what\rquote s the point, I\rquote ll turn on radio and get a quick}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bulleti
n and a quick summary or something and I thing that\rquote ll do me.\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s repetitive and overloaded in any case. It is continuous bombardment,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
with the same bits of information with no real perspective on it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 That\rquote 
s why I like Radio 4 though, because you can get a really good, kind}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
of like, quite extensive discussion about what politics like that 8 to 9}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 o\rquote 
clock slot in the morning.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I quite like that
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I know what you mean, I don\rquote t like headlines}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Are there papers you wouldn\rquote t read?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par But the Times. I can\rquote t get into Murdoch\rquote s papers. Not for me.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The Daily Bigot}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Which one?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 Chloe}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid5727126 :}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid5727126  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 The Mail
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid5727126 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126\charrsid5727126 
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid5727126  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Woo}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote s got lifestyle. I can tell. Every day we\rquote d get all the papers}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 delivered to the place I used to work for today. and we just used to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 laugh and say everyday there would be just swimsuits for no reason. Even}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 in the winter. Lifestyles, not mine but no.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You wouldn\rquote t read the Mail because of its politics?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s not even trash like Echo It\rquote s just atrocious.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I have read the Mail almost every day this week It\rquote s never a paper I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
would buy or read but because my dad\rquote s not well and I\rquote ve been looking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
after him and going to visit him. He is in hospice, respite, like sitting}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
by the bed. He gets the Mail. He\rquote s completely different views, you know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
political views whatever to me, but when he is lying there asleep I have}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 noth
ing to do but read the paper, the Mail, from cover to cover. It\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really unusual.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Even the sports.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
No, the sports, no I ditch that. There is absolutely nothing in there.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote s a crap paper.}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its interesting how you read the papers as well. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Reading{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} cover to cover}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 is not something I could ever do any more. And its pointless anyway.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think it relates to whole time thing. It\rquote s because you wouldn\rquote t read}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the Mail normally, ordinarily and you\rquote ve got the time. Its just like well}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it\rquote 
s there so it really shocked to me read it. It reminded me of why I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 didn\rquote 
t want to read it and to see what reminded me of why I didn\rquote t want}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 to read it.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I didn
\rquote t think I\rquote d ever it actually and you know I work for a union with}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
a membership that you know whatever we might sort of assume, probably}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
what we assume about what they read, isn\rquote t actually what they read. You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
know if I was supposed to be writing stuff that\rquote s relevant to or do you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
not speak the language that people are sounding like challenges sort of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
prejudiced ideas that people hold. You know, I probably should be. Not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
necessarily every day but at least from time to time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think you need to read the paper to understand what this so {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870 {\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 proletariat out there think.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par No, No,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4138635  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid3879385\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid3879385\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What paper do you read?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I read the paper once a week no I read the paper all week but I only buy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
it once a week. I read through it. It\rquote s actually the Guardian. I read all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the reviews of books that I am never going to read, plays I am never}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
going to see and that a habit. A habit idea that there\rquote s a kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
culture going on out there that I am not sort of dipping into. That I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just think well its like my contact with it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah. I get the Saturday Guardian and read that Arts Review bit and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
read the magazine and I can just read them through the week like before I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
go to bed at night, I try and clear them up before I buy next Saturday\rquote s.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I find it interesting. a bit like watching tele isn\rquote t it. {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Holiday}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870 {\*\xmlclose} }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 programmes and places you are never going to go.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Absolutely.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Read about things you are never going to do or see. And you know it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid3879385  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 doesn\rquote 
t make me feel sad. Quite the contrary. It sort of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What about magazines? You were saying you are a magazine girl now. Is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve been a magazine girl for years. I stopped reading the papers about 4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
or 5 years ago, partly because of work. And it\rquote s so cynical opening the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 paper ei
ther seeing something that we\rquote d done. A lot of times you\rquote ve been}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
in it over the years and also just the fact that I just thought they were}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really undemocratic. But they weren\rquote t representative of what anybody}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
wanted in them, in all of them, actually at the end of the day. It was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just editors talking to editors and trying to impress each other about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
stories and not what people wanted. That\rquote s one reason, and then I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
switched and I just switched to the New Yorker which I really, really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 like.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid11690075\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid11690075\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What kind of stuff is in the New Yorker?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The New Yorker is just like really long features say 5 or 6 pages on one}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 story. And it doesn
\rquote t pretend to be news but it looks, it will just do a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 story like em there\rquote 
s a guy that went and chopped down a tree in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Ontario}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870 {\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 in the middle of this lake. There were only two of its kind but behind}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that story was like mental illness, the cold war, everything. So New}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yorker is just like if you were an en from Mars and you had landed on the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 planet and you just wanted to quickly look what was around}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 environmentally, or what was around or what was around in terms of human}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 interest driven kind of politics. Loads of critiques and lots of press.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 So New Yorker is my one of my favourites. The New Statesman I really,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really like still. I read it. And then Asian Press from my mums and stuff}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 like that. I\rquote ll read foreign press before I\rquote ll read British Press.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So they\rquote re quite serious magazines}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Some of them
, some of them. But then I\rquote ll get something like Asian Bride}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
for the fashion, you know what I mean? or I\rquote ll get, you know, I\rquote ll}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
occasionally get The Voice or something like that. I quite like crappy,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cosmo}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 rubbish as well sometimes.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Right would you buy that?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, yeah.

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I wouldn
\rquote t buy Diva though.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4087865\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid4087865\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid4087865\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You wouldn\rquote t buy Diva?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4087865 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid4087865 Chloe}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid4087865\charrsid4087865 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
On a matter of principle.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid4087865 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What principle\rquote s that?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I wouldn
\rquote t go near it. Because it\rquote s a crap and it insults me.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 There\rquote 
s a better one from the States that I came across and I thought why}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Diva\rquote 
s just been like that for years,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4087865  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 hasn\rquote t it. Complete rubbish. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 couldn\rquote t believe it. Same old type whatever. And there\rquote s an American}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 version which is not bad. I saw it in a friend of mine\rquote s flat in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Birmingham{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 three or four months ago and I thought. That\rquote s a dyke bet}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s a good magazine. Its got a bit of lifestyle and a bit of politics}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
in it just takes you through. Whereas you read Diva you just think. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
look at the front cover, kind of flick through it and look at the back}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
cover and think Phew what was that about.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its really young snotty crowd. Its not aimed at us. I like Spare Rib and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I like a bit of politics, a bit of content. I mean, I do get Diva and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
do read it. It just depends, I like to see what\rquote s going on. See what\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
happening you know so that I know I\rquote m not missing anything. I get it but,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really, it annoys me in terms of the politics. I feel like its so divided}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 politics.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The Gay Times has got more politics. I hate to say that. There\rquote s more}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
politics in Gay Times, Lesbian or whatever. Yeah, but they\rquote ll do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
something like I read this article in Gay Times. That\rquote s one I\rquote ll buy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
every now and again as well. They just have some really good}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
deconstructing Gay boy kind of body fascism. A really brilliant article}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
about just trends in the gay world. I thought that\rquote s much more kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
current and pacey and something I\rquote d want to read whereas Diva just, its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 just like the 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} guys.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think that
\rquote s why most people get it.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What videos can we buy?
\par 
\par Yeah, and its updates}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid4087865\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And it
\rquote s really big because I did buy it just last week. Its really big,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really heavy no
w on what you can buy, mail order stuff.
\par 
\par Shocking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think that
\rquote s the only thing that\rquote ll make it sell quite honestly because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there\rquote 
s a massive lesbian market because I surf the net for lessy stuff}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 sometimes, you know, but I
\rquote ll go into a shop in Cfornia or I\rquote ll get some}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 things by mail order cos\rquote 
 there\rquote s nothing in Diva. In terms of reading}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it. It\rquote s just.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And what about the main stream women\rquote s magazines like Marie Clare and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cosmo and ..}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Not any more.
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But would you have read it at one time Ida?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yes, I used to be addicted. I\rquote m ashamed to say it \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
but all those kind of magazines, I think they just upset me. I just.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 There\rquote 
s nothing really in them and I couldn\rquote t see the point. I am just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
reading gossip after gossip and getting obsessed about who\rquote s.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Who\rquote s broken up.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And its just what\rquote s the point really? Adding to your New Yorker I might}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to go New scientist. That\rquote s the only magazine I do actually enjoy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
actually reading New Scientist.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I
\rquote ve never read New Scientist. What kind of?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Lots of different articles. Its just generally , yeah, a good one.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What, sort of environmental?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, but then politically. Just information, I just like the way its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 written.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You can get an article in New Scientist and it will challenge government}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
policies and major health areas because of something. But its not just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 The New Scientist that it
\rquote ll do medical, environmental stuff and I think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it\rquote s like what you\rquote 
re saying. Its politics, that\rquote s missing out the laws.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Makes some people \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid13721381  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that what you look for in a magazine? then.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Look for some kind of political content. Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid13721381  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Something to educate me
\par 
\par Not necessarily}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Something that touches you, that resonates in some way.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And that would be a political content or a kind of narrative.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
It could be anything.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, but just information. I suppose it\rquote s the way it\rquote s presented to you,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
kind of thing and I don\rquote t know and a lot of things, and, I don\rquote t know.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 You\rquote 
re kind of fed things to make you think you\rquote re in a certain way or to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
be presented in a certain way. I don\rquote t know, I\rquote ve just had enough of it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I feel like a family magazine now. Just thinking about it. You know, what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
magazine would I really read. That I\rquote d look forward to getting. Like I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
used to get Whizzer and Chips when I was a kid.
\par 
\par \'85 \'85 and when I found it. And actually magazines are really expensive.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid11825461\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The thing I used to buy quite often. I used to buy The First kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
regularly, then I got a bit sick of that. Now I think, if I could afford}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it. I\rquote 
d probably buy like I.D. Magazine I\rquote m quite interested in that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
That kind of fashion more like street fashion. A bit more art stuff and a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bit more music. Or I
\rquote d like to get those arts magazines. They all cost}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
like a fiver or something. I think oh, I\rquote m not paying that actually.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Sometim
es you just want something to read while you\rquote re in the bath. Like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
flick, flick, flick you know. I don\rquote t want to be too challenged. I just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
want to flick through the pictures}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9666315  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Em, sometimes I don\rquote t even find the pictures aren\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 even pretty any}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 more. I mean I\rquote , flicking through a picture and somebody\rquote s bloodstains or}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 whatever are on a fashion article kind of thing, it just puts me off}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really and that\rquote s what I find with sort of newspapers as well its kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par really it\rquote s really you know wall to wall what\rquote s going on. There are some}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
things that I thought obviously your gonna be exposed to. There must be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
some kind of choice. I think that\rquote s why I prefer the radio kind of thing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s not so, there are things I still want to know and be informed about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and not in
 the way that somebody chooses to just present. I find it quite}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 offensive.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par The one thing I find is best Time Out
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par But for information. Sometimes there are a few interesting things in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You make it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You make it by trying out}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You need to. You need to not only be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par For a reason, yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote m too tight to buy any. But when I go into my friends places that have}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 magazines, I\rquote m too anti-social. I\rquote m just like ooo look at all the cars.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I prefer to read a book.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
OK lets go on to books then. Lets go on to real books. So what kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
books do you read? What kind of authors genres?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Primarily novels to be honest.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Any sort of type of like thriller?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
It could be anything.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So what would kind of make you pick up a book. What kind of, would it be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the plot?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Having read a review and having had it talked about by somebody or other.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 A friend.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8212447 Incidentally I think 99 }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 times out of 100 it would be. If someone would}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 take me to a book. I wouldn\rquote t pick up a book cold and think I am going to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 try this. If someone says read this or you hear it talked about on the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 radio.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I just walk round the library and that\rquote s it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, I have my supper my routine. I get through maybe about four or five}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 books a week. So at that quantity I can\rquote t be that fussy.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So you just literally pull things off the shelf. See what they\rquote re like.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah but within}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par That\rquote s a lot of books. You must be a quick reader.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, very quick. Em, crime, thrillery, murdery that sort of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, but within that genre. I\rquote ll stick to that but I\rquote ll basically read}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 anything apart from middle aged women having crisis.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870 
 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You wait.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote t have to read them yet.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 That\rquote 
s a bit like magazines. If you\rquote re a lesbian you\rquote re not going to read}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a lot of women
\rquote s magazines or you\rquote re going to be turned off by a lot of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
books exactly like that which have things you can\rquote t even bloody relate to.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 But I can
\rquote t even relate to all those bloody lesbian books, to be honest}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 with you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 All together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par \'85.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 A lot them are just a pile of tosh, quite honestly. Somebody calls}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 themselves a writer and calls themselves a lesbian they end up on the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bookshelf. You know what I mean. I do feel like that at the moment.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Its just a section in the library which consists about four books and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote s your choice. I\rquote ve started donating to them.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Oh I haven\rquote t read that one.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So other than Crystal who just pulls them of the shelf. Other people}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
basically get recommendations and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote m lo
oking forward to it really. I really fancy, I am studying yoga so}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
every book that I read at the moment has to be yoga based so it does}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
something for me generally but. Otherwise I\rquote m quite intrigued by}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 biographies. That\rquote 
s what I am looking for when I get time to read. I am}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
going to go for the whole biography and just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What is it about biographies that you like?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I know I said I don\rquote t read gossip. You know about people\rquote s lives and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
understanding where they\rquote ve come from. It\rquote s some thing that I never}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 thought I
\rquote d bother reading. I don\rquote t know, it\rquote s just.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Can you take any people or?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well, I mean, the thing is biographies you can get anybody.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, anybody.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Just have a little window of somebody\rquote s life for a little while.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do you read them straight through beginning to end?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah. Start at the beginning and end at the end.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 What do you do then Chloe?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Las
t time I did that I was at college or school.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So what would you do now? Pick up a book a book now and start it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 somewhere?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Not a novel you start at the beginning and end at the end but other books}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a bit}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Biographies, 
\'85 cos I love biographies, but you like to cheat a little bit}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 so you can skip a few chapters.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid74342 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 6I\rquote 
ve not read any books for about a year.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 What do you read.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Not much but I like looking at books with pictures like art books. bits}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 of writing}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why haven\rquote t you read a storybook for a year?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Partly because I haven\rquote t had the motivation or the time. Em and I can\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
get focused. I\rquote ll just sit down and read this but I really like the art}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
books and the pictures that I can just sit and look at for 10 minutes or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
half an hour or something and put it down then you don\rquote t have to think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
oh, where was up to. You can just open it and look at it anywhere. If you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote 
t like one picture you can find one that you do like.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And change, I see it different and maybe get one big book. Lots of photos}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
or something in it that look different every time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So it\rquote s partly time that you don\rquote t read books. I mean novels.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its partly time but partly I am just not very interested in books.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
How about when you go on holiday?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, I probably will take a couple of books on holiday with me. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 definitely couldn\rquote t
 get through four a week.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think I had eight on my last week\rquote s long holiday. I was going round}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people going \'93well, have you finished that\'94?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It would take me a week to read one novel.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Are there particular authors. Like if you were to name your most}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 favourite author.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Isabella}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Allende. I\rquote d read anything of hers. I just re-read them. Cos I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 just love the way she writes. I love the way her books are translated and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 they\rquote re not always happy endings. She just has a very canny way of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 turning everything you think on it\rquote s head. I like it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
She\rquote s a Magical realist is she?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t know what, I don\rquote t know where. She\rquote s just a magical writer,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really. I don\rquote 
t know what she does with that pen but her mind. Some}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people you just pick up and you just can
\rquote t put that book down.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
 Michael Ondaatje , because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 of Reference points.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Politics, anything where there\rquote s \'85 to fiction to get round censorship or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
writers with kind of a very personal perspective I tend to read.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
foreigners I like. And I like heng books. There are lots of kind of heng,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 yoga.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Oh OK.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Or how to do books.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Partly because I like,partly because its sometimes like feeling the west}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 of that. Partly that.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par West is \'85..}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You know what I mean. Sometimes I read it just because there has been a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
lot of reference points and they\rquote re written with a completely different}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
cultural perspective so I think, oh, that\rquote s what yoga is like in the West}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 or that\rquote 
s different kind of yogic comunion in the East. Heng kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 books. I like books by \'85 \'85
 I like design books. Like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Landscape books. Booky type things I like.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I like Margaret Atwood. She probably \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 if she brings out a book and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 spot it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And when I go on holiday I like to read Anne Tyler. I just like to zip}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
through them in the bath. In a day I can just zip through them and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really. Its like holiday.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid74342  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Who\rquote 
s Anne Tyler}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid74342 Amy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid74342\charrsid74342 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Anne Tyler, she
\rquote s an American author and she\rquote s written masses of novels}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and they\rquote 
re all about, kind of, they are usually about slightly quirky}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
odd people. My favourite one is about a woman who\rquote s on holiday with her}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
family and she just walks out of the beach and she just keeps walking and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
creates this whole life from the family, can\rquote t even remember what she}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
looks like. They put a description in the paper and can\rquote t even remember}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
what she was wearing or what colour her hair was. All we get is very odd}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid74342 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par She goes and works in a haberdasher\rquote s shop?
\par 
\par She goes and works in a lawyer\rquote s office or something in this little town}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I can\rquote t remember.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I read that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, it was good. I like a lot of her books.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I usually take one of them on holiday.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So that is something that will make you pick a book up. If you\rquote ve read a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
book by an author and you\rquote ll have a shot at that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But then I don\rquote t think there\rquote s any author I have ever been disappointed}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
by and I feel far more disappointed then if its something you really,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 really like and that
\rquote s fantastic the English Patient, and then oh.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Cos it doesn\rquote t live}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par But then I never thought it was a guarantee to just read one book}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But it might make you pick up a book would it?
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Conversely are there authors that you would never pick up a book by.
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, Jeffery Archer}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And what about genres, like sci-fi?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No, don\rquote t like sci-fi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I did, I don\rquote t like middle-aged women, I\rquote m crazy.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You like sci-fi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well, I mean, I meant the books that mean the most to me, mostly affected}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 me, books like 1984. 
\'85. and just you know coming to this point in the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 21st century where virtually\'85.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well, yeah, in that sort of future period of what was the way you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 imagined it and they weren
\rquote t so far off really\'85..}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah exactly, yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Can we move on to music now? What kind of music do you like?
\par 
\par Oh, god, let me think.
\par 
\par Everything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is there any music you don\rquote t like?
\par 
\par Trash Metal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8260731  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Trash Metal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Jungle, Hardhead.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
This is don\rquote t likes?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Don\rquote t likes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Alright
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Which considering I work for a DJ company, yeah.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What music do you like?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Crystal:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
m into musicals and girlie rockers and \'85.. folk type oh and pop.
\par 
\par Of course.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, .pop I
\rquote d go there
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I quite like musicals and I feel they\rquote ve been given back to me actually.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 By Whom}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well partly by you no doubt}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 hank you
\par 
\par Bad ..
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
By who}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174  By the community. I live in a gay community I feel it\rquote s given me}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 musicals back.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
How\rquote s that happen?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Maybe it was into it all along and I didn\rquote t know. Well, maybe it\rquote s a gay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
man thing and there was a bit of crossover or whatever but I feel there\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
a celebration of musicals.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s a kind of camp thing?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, which it isn\rquote t reading it into. It\rquote s kind of there already.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I was listening to, just weird, but Jesus Christ Superstar I just think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that
\par 
\par Fantastic
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
No it is really. My flatmate\rquote s got it on tape.
\par 
\par The original. It\rquote s quite yah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par That I remember.
\par 
\par 80s
\par 
\par You can\rquote t do that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Evita I like.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I hate musicals.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Laughter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why do you hate musicals?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I love films but when they start busting into song every five minutes it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 kinda kills it for me.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, I agree with actually, cos it\rquote s really contrived when its on film.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I prefer stage.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve never got as far as the stage. I\rquote ve always hated the films.
\par 
\par What about Moulin Rouge though?
\par 
\par It\rquote s fantastic.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I\rquote ve seen it twice. It took me a while to sort of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par When they sang together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I prefer it but his voice}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par There was something about the voices that didn\rquote t ring true}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Why}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par But after a while you kinda like enjoy it and get into the whole.
\par 
\par Didn\rquote t you like Moulin Rouge}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I haven
\rquote t seen it but I don\rquote t know. That\rquote s probably why I haven\rquote t seen it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
because it\rquote s a musical. Really when I am presented Moulin Rouge or pick}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 up a book}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its actually choices doesn\rquote t it.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 There\rquote 
s only so many hours in the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7611336  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 day}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 so you make choices.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Where do listen to music. I mean you were talking about your friend\rquote s CD}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid486551  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there. Is it other people\rquote s CD
\rquote s, radios, clubs. Where do you get to hear}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the music that you Like?}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
My music is Asian music, so its really and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Brit/Asian fusion really. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 had to get Satellite a few years ago so you kind of ghetolise on a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 particular programme but I was never around so digital is really where I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 get my 90% of my music. Every Indian film is a musical.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 That\rquote 
s what I like about how do we get music do we get music in passion}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and the stories told is incidental you know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid486551  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid486551\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid486551\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid486551\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 You\rquote 
re just there for the sing-along really. And all the other kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
stuff I like reggae, soul. I like rock, pop, anything but where I get it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
is from Satellite but you also get all foreign.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Like world music kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You get world music but I like Arabic and Punjabi has a lot of Arabic in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
it. So you get a lot of Arabic music. You also get stuff from the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Caribbean{\*\xmlclose} that you can\rquote t get here. So you get an awful lot. Rather than}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 British based stuff. You get a lot of Calypso music and stuff like that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And religious music. I like hymns. I just love Christian hymns you know,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I grew up with them. So anything that will give me a sing-song. But its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all a lot of stuff.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that digital radio or digital tele?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Dig
ital tele, but that\rquote s how you can access digital radio. So if you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote 
t have digi radio. I don\rquote t really buy CD\rquote s any more because there is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
many music stations that I just don\rquote t buy music in the same way.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But it means you can\rquote t choose what you want to listen to.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Well you know I\rquote ve got a little mini disk so I kinda know the stuff that}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I like. I\rquote ll switch from Radio 1 to Arabic then back to British then to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Radio 2. I\rquote ll listen to Radio 3,.I really like classical music. I get it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all, and its so on a loop on digital that you don\rquote t just get Radio 1 to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Radio 5. You get Radio One Extra, Radio 2 Extra, Radio 3 Extra}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid7875800 Tanya}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid7875800 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You can get what you want really.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid7875800 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par Can you just flick about or do you actually look it up the particular}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
programmes. Tune into something in particular?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, like Radio 3\rquote 
s global\'85..,a programme I want to listen to. World}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Service, Fusion stuff I always listen to Brit/Asian at the weekends. In}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the mornings. There
\rquote s just so much music technically you can get now via}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 by Satellite TV. that I just don
\rquote t feel like I just don\rquote t go to HMV \'85 but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 then with choice I\rquote 
ve gone for mainly language stations.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What about other people, where do you get your music from?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Personal friends, I don\rquote t buy as much as I used}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I just think the prices are ridiculous and I don\rquote t have the time. You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
know there was a time when I might get some second hand short of shopping}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and see what there is. And I still quite like vinyl really but I\rquote ve}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
listened to the same music for years.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Making the most of it. It sounds quite fresh. I have a broad spectrum of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
music with no particular. I love Jimmy Hendrix but in between all that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there\rquote s.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think friends, friends. I\rquote ve always enjoyed the sort of education and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the exchange of what other people listen to really so.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So there\rquote s no music that you really wouldn\rquote t listen to? Just everything.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No,.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think there
\rquote s music that I\rquote ve sort of tolerate when I am out. And}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
sometimes it can be quite different to the music that I personally enjoy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
listening to when I am at home.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But heavy white rock I would never listen to. It\rquote s bloody ghastly.
\par 
\par Yeah
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s mad.
\par 
\par Country and Western is really grating you know.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I love country and western but you know that\rquote s what I mean yaah. I\rquote ve}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
tried but I like music\'85and I am going to get with it, and I just think .I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just call them Hey and demented boys all goggle eyed at each other, you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 know what I mean. I can
\rquote t see it and I can\rquote t hear it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s really insulting and I like flicking on and blah blah blah. You\rquote ve}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
never seen anything like it.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So, digital radio, friends CD\rquote s.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Internet radio}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So internet radio}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yes I have my own internet radio station. It\rquote s very clever, you tell it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 what music you like and then it just plays it and then introduces things}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that it thinks you\rquote ll like.
\par 
\par Ah
\par 
\par Really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7237503\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 altogether}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Its not yours though?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7237503\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7237503\charrsid7237503 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I have it at work. I don\rquote t need it at home.
\par 
\par Wow}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Sounds good}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7237503\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid7237503 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7237503\charrsid7237503 
{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 CD buying, I\rquote m sort of slowing down. I\rquote m going loyal to sort of my}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 favourite my bands and I\rquote ll always buy their stuff on CD.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid7237503 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Who are they?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Ah, Indigo girls number one, Sheryl Crew, Alannis Morrisette, Natalie Imbruglia,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid7237503  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that sort of thing. But I\rquote ve just discovered the word Kazaa}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Which is?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Well, piracy.
\par 
\par Ah right.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, so its music share ware. Its been really lovely actually because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the things music that you\rquote d like to have but don\rquote t like to go and spend}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'a315 on buying a CD of because there\rquote s one song that you like. It\rquote s good}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for that, sort of rediscovering songs from your childhood.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Crystal:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Victoria Wood\rquote s on there so that\rquote s good.Yeah, but I copy CDs as well.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Oh, that\rquote s so bad!
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
This is confidential. Copyright. What about going out to listen to people}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 perform.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, I like to.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do you do that much?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, if there is one thing I will, especially, you know somebody like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Nina Simone, who\rquote 
s just died and stuff like that. I do try and make all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
those and it was nice to hear that you went to her performance because I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really wanted to go to that and to hear that it was great. Thanks.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
It was a great experience. She\rquote s got a fantastic voice really.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But I do love live music and not necessarily they don\rquote t have to be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
famous. I just enjoy going out and seeing live music.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think I
\rquote d like to more but it\rquote s the whole hassle of booking up like 6}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
months you know. People usually say oh, do you fancy going to see so and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
so and its like in December or something and I am like, maybe and you\rquote d}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have
 to buy the ticket now if you want to see them.
\par 
\par Who needs it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I find I just don\rquote t get round to that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve just been saying the same. I\rquote d love to go to lots of things. I love}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
live music but the pricing and also that. the last live music I\rquote ve been}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to see have been press passes because if you try, especially with the big}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 performances there
\rquote s no way. 25 quid and then it\rquote s probably booked up.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Even locally, Brixton, which is the Academy. I always felt very fortunate}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 than the rest of them.

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why\rquote s that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because we had the Academy. It\rquote s just you can\rquote t get in.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Big venues put me off. We used to go like down at the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Albany{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} in Deptford.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7237503 Quite famous people }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 over there. But they just don\rquote 
t seem to do it any}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 more.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7237503  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Were they famous when you went to see them there or is it because they}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have become famous since?}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7237503  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I saw Gil Scott Heron there and it was only about ten years ago. I mean}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7237503  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people that have not like, you know 
\endash  not like David Bowie famous.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No but they
\rquote re famous in their own right. You know.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But obviously, it was a different time in my life when I used to go and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
see music quite a lot at the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Albany{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. I suppose is about. It\rquote s about habit}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 isn\rquote t it?. Its about being aware of something, you see something I mean}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 like now it\rquote s so much not a part of my life that. It would have to be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 someone saying to me \'93do you want to do this\'94. I would never off my own}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bat find out about something and do it because it\rquote s just not what I\rquote m}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 thinking about.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And it
\rquote s expensive, isn\rquote t it.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I mean, I don
\rquote t even know that. I\rquote ll take your word for it but that\rquote s not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 what\rquote 
s particularly putting me off because.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s not something to do with because we\rquote re getting older?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You know what I mean, when you were younger, you\rquote d just be seeing every}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
band that was on everywhere and you\rquote d just be down there because you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 didn\rquote 
t have the same commitments. Now when you kind of come home from}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 work, you\rquote 
re all jaded and tired or you\rquote ve got a kid or you\rquote ve just not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
crossed these networks and you\rquote ve just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 not noticed. Therefore you don\rquote 
t go. If you don\rquote t\rquote  something\rquote s on you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote t go.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that true?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t know whether that\rquote s true for everybody else but I just don\rquote t go}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
out as much in that kind of way.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I like watching Jules Holland on a Friday night or whenever it is.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Sometimes if I watch that and I see someone on there I think \'93oh they\rquote re}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really good and I\rquote d like to see them or I might buy their music. Because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
he has a real mixture of different people and I quite like seeing live}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 music on tele\rquote 
that but a range.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Being somewhere where you can eat and drink and sit reasonably rather}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
than being perched in a huge place is much nicer.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Pizza Express, I think it was. It was the first time I\rquote ve been there, it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
fantastic but it was to see Lena D\rquote lorea which is incredible. And I chose}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 her becaus
e I knew who she was.
\par 
\par But she\rquote s a jazz singer isn\rquote t she.
\par 
\par She is very good.
\par 
\par Absolutely
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because the venue\rquote s really critical. I was thinking, I went to see}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
something two weeks ago because I knew it was a small venue and it was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 deliberate. I won\rquote 
t go to \'85 an awful big concert . It\rquote s Ronnie Scotts I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
know some of its old. Its something like The Bull in Brent which you can}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
get some really great music. The venue\rquote s small so I like it. You know
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that the same for you.
\par 
\par Ronnie Scot\rquote s got some really
\par 
\par Is it extortionate.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No it isn
\rquote t. I like the jazz caf\'e9, just being able to get close to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
people. You know, they get some nice people and they are quite reasonably}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid3539862  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 priced. The jJzz Caf\'e9 the same.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You know, if you have a table and it\rquote s a normal crowd you just feel you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 know you haven
\rquote t got zits any more. You don\rquote t want to be all aggressive}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and get to the front you just want to sit down.
\par 
\par Speak for yourself.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What about dancing? Do you dance?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 What\rquote 
s that?
\par 
\par What we did last night really.
\par 
\par I love dancing. I\rquote d dance every day.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I went on the first Saturday or something in January. Near New Year\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Eve. I went to the Ravoli Ballroom for a gay ballroom dancing thing. was great but it was very difficult. I couldn\rquote t do any of the steps.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14292120  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 There were people there that obviously go all the time that obviously go}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all the time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Is that in Brockley?
\par 
\par Yeah
\par 
\par Yeah
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 But I couldn
\rquote t do it. Made a big fool of myself trying.
\par 
\par But does it make you want to go to do ballroom dancing classes?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid14292120  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
No. Its too much time and I haven\rquote t got the time but I wish I could do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the basics cos it was fun.
\par 
\par Would you go if it was smaller? Cos I\rquote ve wanted to go there but I thoughtI would embarrass myself.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
No, I mean you can just join in and do your own thing.
\par 
\par But it\rquote s more fun doing things that you can do isn\rquote t it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Crystal:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But in groups like that you must always be reassured that there is always}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
somebody worse than you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14292120\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 All together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid14292120 
 }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I used to go swing dancing but I used to get frustrated with not being as}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 good as I\rquote d like to be and having to dance with men that get no other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 female contact in the world.
\par 
\par Oh good god.
\par 
\par Vile}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par They wouldn\rquote t teach the girls how to dance with girls?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14292120 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par That\rquote s why gay men use kind of. I don\rquote t mind dancing with men but at}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
least clean ones. Straight dancing, straight men, no.
\par 
\par It\rquote s just hideous. Never kind.
\par 
\par I go to lower the tone.
\par 
\par Oh, my friend does to that.
\par 
\par OH does she?
\par 
\par Yes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It\rquote s for the old barn and it\rquote s very classametic}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par The catchphrase is it\rquote s the club for people in gay clubs.
\par 
\par People in gay clubs}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
They play a bit of punk then they\rquote ll play some dreadful like something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 like \'85
or the Bay City Rollers, or they\rquote ll play Marvin Gaye, some heavy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 rock and then they
\rquote ll play some Bangra and its just like really, you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote t know what you\rquote 
ll be dancing to from one tune to the next so people}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 get on the dance floor. They\rquote re like 
\lquote Oh Great, my bit of the evening\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 started and then they get off again.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
That\rquote s what happens is it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, but some people, just, they just dance all night, whatever. I kind}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
of like that and I like it cos you don\rquote t have to kind of be cool you can}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
dance like you do in your bedroom when you\rquote re 16 or something. Just get}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
sweaty and make a fool of yourself. I kind of like that. But a couple of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
times recently friends have said \lquote are you gonna go? and I\rquote ve thought I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
fancy going to somewhere a bit more kind of like soul and funk because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s what I like to dance to when I get into a group kind of thing. So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I might go to Bootilicous I am checking out seeing where to go.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t like going where it\rquote s kind of house or trance or really brrr! You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 know I\rquote 
ve mellowed down a bit now. I just want to get into my normal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 thing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I feel like that too.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, but it
\rquote s hard to find those places.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14092089 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah. They\rquote re all dominated but I just think I had more choice 10 years}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 ago. And also we are hearing real music. Sorry, so I am a snob but I\rquote m}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 sick of techno trance crap, house nonsense. I just can\rquote t bear all these}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 trendy Wendys under 25, Knocing..over}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par There\rquote s more about it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7617654\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t like women only things, but I like it when there are a few gay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 boys around.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Why don\rquote t you like women only things?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because they are just too intense or they\rquote re just too em I don\rquote t know you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
but everybody\rquote s about to to come on. You know what I mean.
\par 
\par Laughter etc.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85
.or something. Its too much for me but gay boys just break it up a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
little bit , you know, they break the whatever up you see. I like going}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
somewhere where its fun. There is this life form sort of a little bit. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just feel excluded from a lot of clubs. I just don\rquote t think. I like soul}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and funk too in fact I like a lot of music but I don\rquote t like this plonk.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cos this punk 
\lquote where do they find all that?\rquote 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7617654\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I mean we went to one pub in next to Charring Cross there\rquote s a little}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 pubby thing and it
\rquote s the only gay place that I ever went to where men}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
have hair and it was just normal funk, reggae, soul music and it was just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
a kind of normal place a bit like I say you could have a good dance, a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
laugh and then go home really.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, I am looking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for that place.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Charring Cross}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I took two women on Saturday who were up for a and they live in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
place}}Portsmouth{\*\xmlclose} and they were up in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} for a meeting and I said were they}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 gonna make a night of it and slightly older ladies. And they said no, no,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid9113090  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 no, they were definitely going back to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Portsmouth{\*\xmlclose} because it was the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Saturday in the month when it was the women\rquote s disco and they just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 absolutely loved it. Even so that they didn\rquote t necessarily know like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 everyone there but it still felt like a community and they just really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 liked to dance and it felt to me like I want to have something like that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 in my life and I don\rquote t anymore, sort of thing and it didn\rquote t and I mean}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the way they talked about it was very sort of seductive and em}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What about, does anybody here like make music. You know sing, play}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 instruments?
\par 
\par Occasionally
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What do you do?
\par 
\par They play guitars and we, I know someone with a karaoke machine which is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 absolutely hysterical.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So you sing along?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, we like it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I like karaoke}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par No just the privacy in your own living room.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Oh, no}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It\rquote s fantastic.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Other than karaoke? Not that I\rquote m diminishing karaoke. I think it\rquote s great.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve been learning how to play bass.
\par 
\par Wow!
\par 
\par Walk around with a bass. How do you learn it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Literally sort of have some hints given here and there. Pick myself up a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bass. I\rquote 
ve got a little one whatever so every once in a while.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Almost like teaching yourself really.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah,
 just taking the time to. Because I\rquote ve also this year decided I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote 
t want to watch TV any more. Just fill in my time with things that I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
actually, you know, there comes a time when you think \lquote oo I\rquote d love to do}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 this, I
\rquote d love to do that I\rquote ve got to do this. There comes a time when}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
you actually have to sort of begin maybe some of those things or staying}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
back for the rest of your life so bass was just one of those things.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7279661  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Right, does anybody else play an instrument?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yes
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What do you play?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 A few things.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7279661  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do you want to give us a little list?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Actively playing at the moment guitar and sometimes viola.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So how do you learn to play?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Whipped into shape by my mother.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Alright, so you learnt as a child?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, and did a music degree. So. Play guitar in my own chair which is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 something to do. Which I have started just doing in this new job. That\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 quite nice, when you discover that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par What kind of music do you play?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Em, trying to work my way through the Indigo girls}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 back catalogue. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
like doing that very much, in that style as well.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Are you hoping to sort of play for other people?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Oh no, no, no. I hate performing. I\rquote ve been bullied into it but I haven\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 seen the lady this year. I\rquote m trying to split them up at the moment.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid11752687 
\par \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Laughte}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid11752687 r}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid11752687\charrsid11752687 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Well, it doesn\rquote t amuse me at all, too much pressure.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Moving on to home, you just mentioned there that you are trying to stop}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
watching TV. I just want to talk briefly about the kind of things people}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
1do at home in terms of leisure activities like play music, watch TV or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 play computer games,
 read books. What kind of things do for leisure at}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 home. You don\rquote t watch TV anymore?

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve got nothing against TV I just want to say Sometimes it can just be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
one of the distractions you really should be getting on with other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
things. Who cares about Richard and Judy? You know like its just find it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
too much of a distraction so but knitting. I am going to start knitting.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I thought I just want to make a blanket. Just things that soothe me and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 take me away from what
\rquote s going on in the world.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do other people watch television?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14514310\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, I do.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I watch complete rubbish.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Oh Bless you}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Not that I
\rquote d watch it anyway. I partly watch it for work.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You watch complete rubbish for work?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Partly It
\rquote s a bit like when you have to read the telegraph . You know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 what complete nonsense }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid11079868 people are churning out because}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 . It\rquote s a con very}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 often. It depends what programme you\rquote re working on. Often}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I watch a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 celebrity and I think \lquote get me out of here, because we were doing a piece}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 on it. But sometimes I\rquote ll just watch complete rubbish.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What is complete rubbish?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Well I mean like Eastenders. In little episodes. I can\rquote t bear it.I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
stopped watching television a few years ago and starting listening to the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
radio . Then I got really bored of speech radio so I switched back to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 tele}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do other people watch, what did you call it. Rubbish television?
\par 
\par No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 1484
\par 
\par Occasionally
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What do you think of rubbish television? What kind of counts as? What is}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 rubbish television?

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Sunset{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Beach{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}. But I used to love it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14514310\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par But I thought, I\rquote ve got to change kind of thing but, yeah, yeah.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don\rquote 
t know {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Sunset{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Beach{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} I obviously missed that but watched but I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 watched something like Clock Rex, The Workers the other week and it was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 fantastic.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What was fantastic about it?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because it could not have been further removed from my life in terms of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 t
he sort of age, orientation and geographical location and it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
completely unchallenging and yeah it demands nothing of me. I mean you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 couldn\rquote 
t, you could have an intellectual response to it but I don\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
necessarily sit there and. Telling stories.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9271454\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It
 depends what you are using it for. When I watch complete crap after a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9271454  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 12 hour news shift. Because I have to.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that why other people watch television, to kind of wind down?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I just think work is absolutely knakkering on the whole, demanding of you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and it drains you on the whole and you have to come home and do something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
that gives you the space between that and being human again, so}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Eastenders fits the bill.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I don
\rquote t class it as rubbish though.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I do kind of sit there sometimes and if there\rquote s a particular story going}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
on. I kind of get involved in it because there is nothing to talk about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
in between our shifts at work so I kind of catch up with that kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 popular crap.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s a real thing isn\rquote t it, because I hardly watch any tele now. I\rquote ve}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just about stopped. I\rquote ve got my three things that I never miss. I watch}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the Sopranos, I watch ER and then Six Feet Under .
\par 
\par Everybody, Oh yeah.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I know when they\rquote re on and I\rquote ll stay in that night, or I tape them and if}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the phone rings in the middle of watching it I just don\rquote t answer it and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s all I watch actually.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid2390529\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Well, I don\rquote t know if it\rquote s rubbish}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
The way I gauge it is its like. If}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have a moment and I am watching}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 something I think. Shit do you know something what the hell am}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 watching}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 this for?. Then it\rquote s rubbish TV.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Right
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 That\rquote 
s all it is really. Its not about what its. Sometimes I\rquote ll turn the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
TV on, hardly ever actually and I just get really sucked in and I find}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the more I watch it, the more I want to watch it. Then there\rquote s a trailer}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
on and I think that looks interesting I might watch that. Oh it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 tomorrow night.
\par 
\par Everybody laughs.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 But I don
\rquote t feel I am not doing anything else with particular my time. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
am not reading like heavy novels or anything. I am just like pottering}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 around in the house. I
\rquote ve got the radio on and I am doing the ironing or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 me washing or I live wit
h somebody and we are just chatting on and the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
other thing I do is watch quite a few videos. I get videos out of the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 college library cos it
\rquote s got a really good video library and I go through}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all the films that I\rquote 
d like to watch. I do that, quite a lot of that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Do other people do that, watch videos rather than watch TV.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Six Feet Under. I mean I just have to say that it\rquote s well written and its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really funny. I mean it just touches on so many different unusual topics}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 and that\rquote s why I
\rquote d enjoy it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think that might be a test of rubbish TV for me cos I think at the end}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
of an episode of Six Feet Under that I feel quite good that I\rquote ve watched}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it. 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Cos{\*\xmlclose} if I\rquote ve watched \'85 like I wouldn\rquote t actually feel. Do you know what}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I mean, but, oh yeah, that was really good I get that was rubbish I could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 watch it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par No No}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14578049\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 That\rquote 
s when I think when I think, what have I done with an hour of my}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
life. I could be learning to play the bass. I am never going to tell}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 anyone, ever.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14578049\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What about computer games, does anyone play computer games?
\par 
\par No.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Harry Potter.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Harry Potter computer games}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid14578049 ?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Great. Right the way through. Took me two weeks.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Presumably that\rquote s not a first. I mean. Or is it? Is that the only}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 computer game you
\rquote ve ever played and ever will play?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Crystal:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Since the age of about 14 yeah.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Oh, alright. Where did you pick up that from?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7891530 1}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Off Harry Potter.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I play a lot of Solitaire.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What, on the computer?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yes, I find that very relaxing.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I sometimes play Tectric on the Gameboy.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I used to like it.
\par 
\par TGT .. is a great game.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It is a good game.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But yeah, sometimes I\rquote ll really enjoy it and then I\rquote ll play it and then I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just completely loose interest in it and I can\rquote t understand why I ever}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 enjoy it .}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid529803\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid529803 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 All laugh}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid529803\charrsid529803 \}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I sit in front of the computer all day and the last thing so it\rquote s I want}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to do is sit at the computer when I get home.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Me too.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Just can\rquote t do it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So if you want to spend an evening at home is it television or what?
\par 
\par Music}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Music}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Music on Satelite.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What did you say? Go on then.
\par 
\par Gardening.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid529803  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Gardening?
\par 
\par Walking the dog.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Sometimes I
\rquote ll be gardening and its getting dark and I think, oh shit, I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 wish it\rquote 
d stay light a bit longer or perhaps I can get the artificial}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
light on and finish it off. Cos I really like doing it quite late in the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid529803  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 evening. I would cut the grass at 9 o\rquote 
clock at night if it wasn\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 disturbing the neighbours.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So gardening, watching TV, listening to music.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Reading{\*\xmlclose}.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Chatting on the phone.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I do occasionally.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid529803\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I usually have one night where I have not rang anybody and I just think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
right I am down for two long conversations of serious gossip.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I wouldn
\rquote t watch anything. I just spend all night on the phone and that\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
usually once a week I\rquote ll do that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 But I don
\rquote t get in till 8\rquote clock quite often. By the time I have had my}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
tea and then done a few jobs and everything and I\rquote ll go to bed and that\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the o
ne evening gone. I don\rquote t seem to get time to do much.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I have about an hour, an hour and a half of sort of choice, like you know}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
choosing time of an evening.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah. Its not much is it?
\par 
\par But often a phone call can take most of that up.
\par 
\par But I hate it when the phone rings.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid1978818\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, yeah.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par And I get like. I\rquote ll make some calls really and I only arranging phone}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 calls.
\par 
\par I have my aunt ring up 50% of the time at least.
\par 
\par I\rquote d hang my phone up, just in case.
\par 
\par Just screen them all.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, it might be your best friend but not just now.
\par 
\par Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid1978818 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Basically you\rquote ve only got like an hour and a half choice time, basically.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think you should have that right and have that choice.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I\rquote d rather like have lets leave it I\rquote ll see you to that person.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 haven\rquote t even got one of those phone\rquote s you walk around with}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid1978818\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par The trouble is walking round when you carry on doing what you\rquote re doing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 you suddenly rese}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid1978818\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, alright,.OK.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid1978818\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid1978818 Tanya}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid1978818\charrsid1978818 : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
It also depends on what you\rquote re doing. Like I do a job that\rquote s really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
unsociable hours so at night its days, early late so you cant always you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
can go three months where you know you\rquote re not going to see anybody so}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
your points of contact really are stuff like that. You know. It can be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that you\rquote 
re catching up in that way.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid1978818 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Can we just quickly talk about sort of training and kind of like when you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
learn about yourself things. Like you\rquote re teaching yourself bass and you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
were taught music as a child and got a music degree I mean. Where do you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
think. First of all I suppose, apart from you two, has anybody else got}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
any of that sort of artistic or cultural training in music, drawing or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 music or film studies or}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Drumming

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What you know how to drum? Were you taught that by somebody or did you?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Temple}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870 {\*\xmlclose} }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Right}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par And also you just \'85 . A lot of Asian kids can go around saying so you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
know. So its just something. I wasn\rquote t even aware of being taught it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12670998  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Right, yeah.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Photography, I\rquote ve kind of learnt. My main effort\rquote s kind of gone though.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 So that
\rquote s been I like did a course and asked around, messed around}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 reading up on it.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, a lot of things I learn I kind of pick up from friends. Kind of,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
oh, you know about that, teach me.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Video editing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par You know about that, come again.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Kind of exchange things like that I\rquote ll cook you dinner and then you show}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
me how to do a computer package. That kind of exchange. That kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 capital. You know.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And did you go on to do you do lots of photography?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, I do, yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And does anybody belong to a club or an association of you know?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Yeah, me.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I was just coming to that actually.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12670998 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Which one?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Artistic associations, or you know music clubs or bands. If you\rquote re}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
forming a band or do you play on your own.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Just by myself.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You\rquote ve got your karaoke group. Is that a regular thing?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It\rquote s not regular but it happens every so often. It\rquote s not planned}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 regularly.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What kind of things do you think it makes it easier or difficult to be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
involved in cultural activities. Is it kind of knowledge or training or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people\rquote 
s social position. Is it their money or their time? What kind of?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I don\rquote t have time.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
That seems to have come up a lot tonight.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I mean money and time are connected. It\rquote s not the same but they\rquote re}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 connected.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 And it
\rquote s if the facilities are local. Going swimming a lot and it\rquote s if}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it\rquote 
s local and it suits. But if I didn\rquote t have a car and if I had to walk}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
there or something because I go late at night, I wouldn\rquote t feel safe.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Right.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You know I can drive right up and park outside.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid619315  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So its convenience related to safety. Not just even convenience?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Safety, yeah.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that true for other people? Money, time and location.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid619315\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think it
\rquote s having a car actually that makes a difference. Because I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
would quite, not that far out but it would be a consideration like coming}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 back things like that.}
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
My good contrast is definitely what you said when I lived in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Bradford{\*\xmlclose} and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there wasn\rquote t .. I could go to the theatre, I could go to a film, I could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 go to live music events and be back home in ten minutes. When I think of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You should have changed that temple}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8273131\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
In my disco days}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8273131\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Laughing}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
A normal evening \'85\'85 back at half eleven. It finishes at 10. You could}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
kind of nearness geography was massive and so that was one thing and also}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
the other thing was also public transport in small places. I am not being}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
funny but I just felt safer getting on a little bus in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Bradford{\*\xmlclose} from out}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par of town. Going home sometimes getting on a bus in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}\'85. The other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 thing is money. Money is a huge factor, if you go anywhere in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 you\rquote re go out anywhere its just costs you a bloody fortune. Its not just}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 being there because you have to buy I\rquote m being funny not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a sandwich, you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have to buy a drink}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8273131  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 You have to get travel cards

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You go to the place where you get your little outfits at the \'85. The other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
thing for me, apart from time and doing shift work and things I can\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
literally take the baggage of things in the same way as everybody else.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote s what\rquote 
s on offer. For me, culturally I just kind of think I went to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Some Japanese Asian drumming t
hing or I\rquote ll go to a season somewhere like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 if it\rquote 
s just like there like a season of women film makers in a week or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
something. You get into a roll like every night. Do you know what I mean?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that also have something to do with knowledge?
\par 
\par Not desparate.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid11094846\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Does that have something to do with knowledge because its like, I mean,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there\rquote 
s issues about location and money and time but then there are}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
things you want to go to, how do you find out that there are things you}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 want t
o go to. I mean is that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Cos, there
\rquote s a lot of things in Time Out for instance that I see and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 think \lquote 
that looks quite interesting and I think I don\rquote t know if it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
quite gonna be my scene and I have an issue about the money as well. I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote 
t want to spend about 15 quid to go and see something and then its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 gonna be crap. It\rquote 
s quite a big risk to take actually. That\rquote s the money}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 we\rquote 
re taking about you know. So there\rquote s that. So there\rquote s lots of things I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
always fancy trying but I don\rquote t, apart from art exhibitions which are}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
often free. So I go to art exhibitions cos I\rquote ll just try that and give it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a go.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I enjoy free things more. If its free its like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Its good, it\rquote s a bonus.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s true actually. The Royal Festival Hall I wouldn\rquote t normally go. I go}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
sometimes for work. They have lunch time concerts there and they have}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 some stuff for kids. I don
\rquote t have children but I went because there was a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
whole heap of kids that were playing in a steel band its free. That\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
lunchtime and evenings at the weekend. Most people are there I think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 because it\rquote 
s free. Really and lots of people wont go because if you think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 it\rquote s free you also think it
\rquote s going to be something false about it a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
little bit. If you know what I mean in a sense that maybe that\rquote s me being}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
overly political. If I go and watch something at Southbank it\rquote s one}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 performance. It
\rquote s now commercial. There\rquote s no politics behind it or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 anything. I don\rquote 
t even know whether they\rquote ve thought about programming who}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 they\rquote 
re going to have on the bill but if there\rquote s a free concert or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 something in the park, I
\rquote ll go to the park and have like a country show.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Because you feel like they won\rquote 
t just think about the fact that it\rquote s a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 free event, they\rquote ll think about what they
\rquote d have and who they\rquote re catering}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for and what diverts going to be there}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid3110634  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 So knowledge isn
\rquote t really an issue then, it\rquote s what people are saying?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It is. There
\rquote s nothing worse than, so many things that I would like to go}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to. I think in some ways, the financial factor for me is a big factor.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Not always.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It hasn
\rquote t always been, and it\rquote s great when you don\rquote t have to think about}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
things but at the moment to get a travel card and then not have a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
guarantee that its going to be great, kind of thing, I am not willing to}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
take that risk. At the same time, generally, when you pop to the library}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and you pick up leaflets and you\rquote ve missed the date. Whether it\rquote s a film,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
whether it\rquote s a show. You\rquote ve just missed it kind of thing and I always}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 feel that
\rquote s either information or just being a bit more aware I don\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 know is a factor.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I mean, I feel, there\rquote s a loophole of residents at Lambeth really peeved}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
with the council because we\rquote ve got a lovely church that\rquote s converted into}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a theatre.

\par 
\par Oh The Brix}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, and you know for us, you didn\rquote t have to go to the West End anymore}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 because there
\rquote s either previews some stuffor they\rquote d have some new. I\rquote ve}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
been to one play in seven years.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
And why\rquote s that?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Because they simply don\rquote t put the resources into it. So you\rquote re still}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
forced and I am not going to go to the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}West End{\*\xmlclose} and pay 18 quid to sit in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 the stalls and 4 quid for a sarnie and three and a half quid for a drink.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote ll go and support my local theatre which has exactly the same thing but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 they don\rquote t put any plays on. They do in the regions. You can go to Leeds}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Playhouse but we\rquote ve driven out of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} gone to a drama group sometimes}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 go quite honestly out of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} to go and see a gig than in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose} just}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 because I kind of know what I\rquote m getting. I can combine it with a weekend}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 away. But if I had my local theatre, which they\rquote ve spent a bloody fortune}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 on, they\rquote d put something on, I\rquote d go and I\rquote d know what was on because I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 walk past it every day. So I don\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have to rely on buying magazines and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there\rquote s loads of different leaflets. Sometimes there\rquote s so much on and I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 don\rquote t even know what\rquote s on in my local area and that kind of thing might}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 motivate me to go. A bit of local advertising, you know on a bill board}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 or something.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
OK. So what I want to finish on is a question of taste which did sort of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
come up earlier there with a discussion about television and rubbish}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
television. I wonder what makes something good taste or bad taste. You}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 know s it just a question
 of what you do or don\rquote t like or is it connected}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
to what other people think about taste. And if it is, who are those other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
people? I mean you were saying well}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 rubbish TV is TV basically you feel}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that, as you are watching it, you should be doing something else. So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote s a kind of personal. You know, if somebody else said well I watched}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Eastenders and I really enjoyed it and I really didn\rquote t feel I should be}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 doing something else, then you might say well, then it\rquote s not rubbish TV}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, yeah, yeah like my mum always watches {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Coronation Street{\*\xmlclose} so I haven\rquote t missed much even if I don\rquote t watch it for weeks. But I don\rquote t feel like, mum you\rquote re really watching crap tele\rquote , why don\rquote 
t you watch Channel 4. And I used to say that actually because I used to be really snobby. Like mum, really, honestly, why are you watching this, but now I\rquote m really}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
What\rquote s made that change of coming from saying that.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Well, I think actually there\rquote s something about when I came to 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}London{\*\xmlclose}. Now I\rquote ve been to university blah, blah, blah and it was kind of like quite inspirational but then I\rquote ve like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 done things like recognising like what the good things are and the bad things I\rquote 
ve rejected and like come back and think actually it\rquote s not crap, it\rquote s nothing to be ashamed of. It\rquote s great. It\rquote s beautiful. There\rquote s nowt wrong with it.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid214096 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Everybody thinks The Royle Family is like you know a comedy. I think it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
just like poignant drama.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
It is, its ..
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote s all kind of changed my own}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 taste in a way, kind of thing. But I know that I\rquote m quite middle class actually you know. I\rquote 
m like from a working class background but you know I go to university you know I listen to Radio 4, I like classical music and jazz blah, blah, blah you know I do karaoke as well but you know my they\rquote re tastes like when I\rquote 
m myself my tastes are quite to tastes of my family or tastes I was brought up with. I don\rquote t feel snobby about other people\rquote s choices about that. I just know what I like for myself.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Right, Yeah, I understand what you\rquote re saying. What do other people think}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 about that?}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Ida:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Its just I think taste is a very personal thing you know. Horses for}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
courses and all that kind of thing.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Geena:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I used to be extremely judgmental and I\rquote  d think I\rquote d kind of say things}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
that were kind of dangerous almost wicked. Even if I didn\rquote t use those}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
words, you know. Whereas now I don\rquote t think things have got the power that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I used to. Do you know what I mean. Sometimes I\rquote d watch this, read this,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 do that
 and like I\rquote d be corrupted or I\rquote ll be condoning it or be into it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and all that sort of thing. Whereas I think sort of I\rquote ve got a better}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
grasp of my sort of power in the world. My place in the world. Em, so}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s things been a you know sort of thing that I\rquote ve observed over a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 couple of decades.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s a real matter of taste but there\rquote s certain \'85}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Cleo:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Personal taste, but on top of that there\rquote s things that whether I like it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
or not. You know think that its degrading or abusive to someone then I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 wouldn\rquote t 
want to watch it. I can imagine that other people who you know,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid6836984  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I might hate musicals and you love them but there was one of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that was}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 degrading or abusive then I suppose I would sort of have an expectation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that you or someone with a kind of em a level of awareness isn\rquote t it hence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote d think I don\rquote t want to watch that it might be a musical but it\rquote s got a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 horrible side to it. Does that make sense?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
But is that a question of I am that\rquote s sort of what you\rquote re saying is that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people
\rquote s political stance should influence what they watch which I am not}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
quite sure is exactly the same as taste to watch what they participate}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
in. Because I suppose that what I was sort of thinking of in a way that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
you put there this kind of idea that there are certain cultural}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
activities which are somehow to be taken more seriously than others and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 in a way that\rquote 
s what you were saying when you were talking about rubbish}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 TV is like there\rquote 
s these activities, like watching Eastenders and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
watching Corrie and stuff, which are not in particularly good taste.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par It\rquote s inadequate.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It
\rquote s inadequate, if you like or low art or whatever. Then there\rquote s other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
things like listening to classical music going to the theatre which are,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
certainly used to be considered to be. Yeah, but certainly bourgeois but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 also you know \lquote 
of good taste\rquote  you know that people \lquote of good taste\rquote  did.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You can determine whether you are an active participant of some things or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a recipient 
of pap. It must be I don\rquote t think it\rquote s all a matter of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 personal taste.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You mean there is such a thing as pap? sort of thing.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid9905678\charrsid9905678 Chloe:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
I think there is. Em we wouldn\rquote t be living in this economic system if}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 there wasn\rquote 
t something to pacify people at different times.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
So what is it? What kind of constitutes rubbish. You know what is it that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12072171  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 distinguishes?
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 It\rquote 
s very hard to say because it is so subjective. I mean I feel I\rquote m}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
caught between two stools I mean I suppose technically I\rquote m bourgeois but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 can\rquote 
t bear bourgeois tele\rquote  and I can\rquote t bear bourgeois, cultural stuff}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 that\rquote 
s served up for me in terms of me or if it\rquote s not relevant and it\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
certainly not contemporary. And if I then look at what\rquote s considered}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 rubbish TV. I like
 The Royale Family because it is fantastic social}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 comment. Eastenders and things like that and 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Cornonation Street{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, however}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 vulgar, everybody thinks that they are, people tune on for some reason.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Not just for escapism but we\rquote ve got a class distinction n this country.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote m not being funny but you know there are reasons that taste then}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 becomes very subjective. It depends really what you talk about but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 millions just do not tune on to that and will pass up Channel 4 News but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 will watch Emmerdale. I mean, you\rquote ve got to think about it but I don\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid12072171  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 feel I\rquote ve got a lot of choice. It\rquote s only digital that gives me kind of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12072171  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 choice so in that kind of sense I feel I was served up. Reality TV is what I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 have a problem with. I just feel that really, it\rquote s in bad taste. I can\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 bear all that repetitive pop star kind of nonsense where I see young}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 people getting exploited as far as I\rquote m concerned.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 

\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Is that why its bad taste or bad?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Yeah, for me. It just comes down to your everything comes down to your}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
moral position. My moral position is I don\rquote t care how popular these}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 things are.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Its kind of what you were saying.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
You know, my moral position is having the opportunities. Just because its}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
for ordinary folk. I thinks it\rquote s extortionate TV}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Yeah, I
\rquote ll watch it. Because I\rquote ll watch it because if you just turn the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par tele\rquote  on just watch it either because you think I\rquote ll watch and see \lquote is it}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
that bad really?\rquote  and it really is that bad. But that bears the pill of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12072171  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 habitual watching. So I don\rquote 
t feel I have a lot of choice.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
My choice is really created by digital where I subscribe. I opt out}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
almost exclusively and completely from domestic tele\rquote . It\rquote s a pile of}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 pooh.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all laughing and talking together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Like there
\rquote s no choice. It doesn\rquote t seem like you get the range of choices}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
and things like that.
\par 
\par The worst tele\rquote  is Channel 5 films.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid6053785\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all talking and laughing together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Because I am very much affected probably by the environment that I\rquote m in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 or whoever I am with. In my first job I was working with some very}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 intellectual highbrow snobs who wouldn\rquote t admit to watching Eastender}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid11079868 s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 although they\rquote d always be caught out with the storyline. And now I\rquote m,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 working with a different sort of people in which I have become the snob.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 So I have to sort of down play what I do.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Which things is it you have to \lquote down play\rquote  in order not to be considered}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 a snob.}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Well things that I might watch on television but they wouldn\rquote t. Like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 documentaries.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Boring B}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 They mock people that I see around like me but wouldn\rquote t mock me. So}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 somebody else could be talking about watching to something or other}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 listening to a particular type of music but when that person leaves they}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 go. \lquote Boring B\rquote  OK, I think I watch that too. Yeah, aren\rquote t they just. It\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 very much I find it\rquote s about the environment or whoever you\rquote re with and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 being a Channel 5 watcher, I can\rquote t pass judgement on anyone or anything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 for being pap or peculiar rubbish.
\par 
\par Channel 5 does seem that}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12585238\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 together}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid8790835 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12585238\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid7875800\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Maybe we should finish on the note if you generally like is that pap or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 pooh that\rquote s wrong.
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 Tanya:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Oh, I love that one. That\rquote ll do. Costumes. It\rquote s a very subjective pace}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
because you can contradict yourself watching a pile of pooh. There\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
really something wrong with it you know that isn\rquote t too pooey after all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I was in {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Los Angeles{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} and I was going to see the filming of something and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I think they must have had a Xena tour and I\rquote ve never been so scared in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all my life and that\rquote s put me right off it. People were just nuts.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Walking around \'85.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid12585238 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \{}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 all laughing and talking}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f0\fs24\insrsid16262702\charrsid16262702 \}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Crystal{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 No well I sort of missed it. I missed the whole thing. Sort of halfway}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 through people were going ooh did you watch it? By that point.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par Two weeks.
\par 
\par You\rquote ve got to be in it to win it.
\par 
\par Is it part of Buffy
\par 
\par I was going to say you would be totally bemused after that.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid2100561\charrsid2100561 Amy:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I\rquote 
ve never seen Xena and I\rquote ve haven\rquote t seen and I\rquote ve never seen Buffy but}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 I
\rquote ve volunteered at this Lesbian/Gay centre and they\rquote re really into}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 Buffy. It
\rquote s like they\rquote ve got a big Buffy in the corner and everybody\rquote s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
got their Buffy}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 parties and they all dress up after.
\par 
\par Bad girls
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Bad girls is?
\par 
\par Bad Girls is the pittance. It\rquote s crap TV but it really relates on the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par I haven\rquote t seen the series but I have seen a series in the past.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 \'85. I feel like I
\rquote m in touch.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid921733\charrsid921733 KW (Facilitator):}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f0\fs24\insrsid16466870\charrsid16466870  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
Would anybody like the last word?
\par 
\par We\rquote ll leave that to up you.
\par 
\par Well, thank you very much, its been very interesting. I have some}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid7875800  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
information sheets which I would like you to fill out please.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8938577  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid8790835\charrsid9993174 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f0\fs24\insrsid9791891\charrsid9993174 
\par }}